com/example/spakler/model/User.java
 com.example.spakler.model.User
com/example/spakler/model/Employee.java
 com.example.spakler.model.Employee
com/example/spakler/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.spakler.BuildConfig
com/example/spakler/AllEmployeesList.java
 com.example.spakler.AllEmployeesList
com/example/spakler/databinding/ActivityAllEmployeesListBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.ActivityAllEmployeesListBinding
com/example/spakler/databinding/SinglerowBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.SinglerowBinding
com/example/spakler/ServicesCustomer.java
 com.example.spakler.ServicesCustomer
com/example/spakler/AddEmployee.java
 com.example.spakler.AddEmployee
 com.example.spakler.AddEmployee$1
 com.example.spakler.AddEmployee$2
com/example/spakler/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/spakler/databinding/ActivityDashBoardBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.ActivityDashBoardBinding
com/example/spakler/BeauticianAdapter.java
 com.example.spakler.BeauticianAdapter
 com.example.spakler.BeauticianAdapter$myviewholder
com/example/spakler/databinding/ActivityOnBoardScreenBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.ActivityOnBoardScreenBinding
com/example/spakler/databinding/ActivityBeauticianListBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.ActivityBeauticianListBinding
com/example/spakler/AdminDashboard.java
 com.example.spakler.AdminDashboard
 com.example.spakler.AdminDashboard$1
 com.example.spakler.AdminDashboard$2
com/example/spakler/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/spakler/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/spakler/Register.java
 com.example.spakler.Register
 com.example.spakler.Register$1
 com.example.spakler.Register$1$1
 com.example.spakler.Register$2
com/example/spakler/EditProfile.java
 com.example.spakler.EditProfile
 com.example.spakler.EditProfile$1
com/example/spakler/databinding/ActivityServicesCustomerBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.ActivityServicesCustomerBinding
com/example/spakler/Login.java
 com.example.spakler.Login
 com.example.spakler.Login$1
 com.example.spakler.Login$2
 com.example.spakler.Login$2$1
com/example/spakler/adapter_class/OnboardSliderAdapter.java
 com.example.spakler.adapter_class.OnboardSliderAdapter
com/example/spakler/databinding/ActivityAdminDashboardBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.ActivityAdminDashboardBinding
com/example/spakler/databinding/ActivityEditProfileBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.ActivityEditProfileBinding
com/example/spakler/OnBoardScreen.java
 com.example.spakler.OnBoardScreen
 com.example.spakler.OnBoardScreen$1
 com.example.spakler.OnBoardScreen$2
 com.example.spakler.OnBoardScreen$3
 com.example.spakler.OnBoardScreen$4
com/example/spakler/MainActivity.java
 com.example.spakler.MainActivity
 com.example.spakler.MainActivity$1
 com.example.spakler.MainActivity$2
com/example/spakler/databinding/ActivityAddEmployeeBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.ActivityAddEmployeeBinding
com/example/spakler/BeauticianList.java
 com.example.spakler.BeauticianList
com/example/spakler/adapter_class/AllEmployeesListAdapter.java
 com.example.spakler.adapter_class.AllEmployeesListAdapter
 com.example.spakler.adapter_class.AllEmployeesListAdapter$1
 com.example.spakler.adapter_class.AllEmployeesListAdapter$1$1
 com.example.spakler.adapter_class.AllEmployeesListAdapter$1$1$1
 com.example.spakler.adapter_class.AllEmployeesListAdapter$1$1$2
 com.example.spakler.adapter_class.AllEmployeesListAdapter$2
 com.example.spakler.adapter_class.AllEmployeesListAdapter$2$1
 com.example.spakler.adapter_class.AllEmployeesListAdapter$2$2
 com.example.spakler.adapter_class.AllEmployeesListAdapter$myviewholder
com/example/spakler/DashBoard.java
 com.example.spakler.DashBoard
 com.example.spakler.DashBoard$1
 com.example.spakler.DashBoard$2
 com.example.spakler.DashBoard$3
com/example/spakler/databinding/SliderLayoutViewBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.SliderLayoutViewBinding
com/example/spakler/databinding/SinglerowstylistsBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.SinglerowstylistsBinding
com/example/spakler/databinding/DialogcontentBinding.java
 com.example.spakler.databinding.DialogcontentBinding
